Previously, on
"The Real Housewives
of Atlanta"...
You ready?
Hit the ball.
Yay!
- Good job, Brookie!
Hey.
Yeah, that's fire.
Who did the tracks?
I recently released
my new single.
It's called
"You Already Know."
I'm working on my EP.
But, why now?
Everything
I've been through,
just I have so much
to talk about,
so much to pour
my heart out about.
Courtney says you
brought your hood out.
Kandi shared a story
about it.
The crowd...
ghetto!
What did you say?
- I wasn't disrespectful.
- He delete--
What would you need
to get past this?
We're gon' have to
agree to disagree.
Recently, the boys and I
have been seeing a life coach.
Aww.
See? That's the love,
right there.
She's showing me
a different way how to parent.
Mmm.
We can't.
We don't know when we go
to Old Lady Gang
if we're going to get
biscuits or bullets.
My roots
are in Atlanta,
but my branches
are worldwide.
Forget the gaslight,
I'm taking the spotlight.
My past may be checkered,
but my future
is solid gold.
I just don't do it
for the culture.
Honey, I am the culture.
She by Sheree,
more like,
"She broke the internet."
If you can't keep
the pace,
stay out of my race.
♪ I'm the king
of the world ♪
♪ give me my flowers
while I'm here right now ♪
♪ ain't ever here to back down
to the odds ♪
♪ I lost at times
but never lost my crown ♪
Oh,
I see it's coming together.
I have a few girlfriends
I'm having over for brunch.
So, we got some fruit.
We got the salmon.
We got lobster tail.
You also have some
French toast,
and I have
some scrambled eggs.
I might need to get
some more bottles
because Marlo can drink
two of these by herself.
Oh, yeah, she gonna finish
that by herself.
- Yes! How are you?
- Hello. I am good.
- Wait, you have food.
- Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I can't just
let you guys come over
and not have anything
for lunch.
Oh, well, thank you.
This is awesome.
Hi. How are you?
- Hi.
So, I'm doing, like,
a little brunch for you guys.
- Have you recovered?
- No, I have not.
Girl, I feel like
I needed a week off
after BravoCon.
- Girl.
Obviously, for me,
it was fun to feel
the love from everybody,
but them people
was chasing y'all down.
- Girl.
- It was epic.
Like, I-I loved it.
Oh.
Oh, Miss Marlo Hampton.
Miss my boo-boo.
Ain't seen--
Hey, baby girl,
looking good.
- Hey, superstar!
- Looking good, girl.
I got you some champagne
'cause I know you love
to drink, chile.
You know, I really am
trying to stop.
Sani! Sani in the house!
- Yes! Hey, Marlo, baby.
Yes, you look good, baby.
- Cheers.
- Yay, cheers!
I needed this.
I love you.
Love you, too, girl.
So, I just wanna
vent today.
First of all, I didn't even
land until 3 in the morning.
I'm in the airport
literally doing this,
uh, project with William
on FaceTime.
It's an argumentative paragraph,
and we're arguing.
I feel Miss Sharon has
helped a lot with the boys.
The old Marlo would have
flipped out on William, okay?
But the new Marlo,
it's all about taking it in
before I react.
But I love my baby.
He's one of a kind.
But I was saying
how the fans
were just going crazy
over you guys.
Everybody was so positive.
- Yes.
- Y'all saw Mama Joyce.
Mama Joyce, say three
nice things about Todd.
He's still short.
Wait.
At this point,
I'm shocked that Mama Joyce
is still saying
negative things about Todd.
So, all right, Kandi need
to stop talking about me.
She needs to start fixing
what's going on under her roof
because the streets
are talking,
and the streets...
are your mama.
What is up with her?
That's crazy.
Wait, wait, wait.
So, when we're on the panel,
what happened?
- So, wait, yes.
So, here's what happened
with Drew.
We go on stage and,
"Did I give you a hard time,
"or did you come looking
for a hard time?"
Did I give you
a hard time,
or did you try
to pull a hard time for me?
When I left the reunion,
there was a lot unresolved
with Drew and I.
She's flipping her hair
in my face, Andy.
A couple weeks ago,
she sent me a text message
saying she wanted to extend
an olive branch.
But then to go on stage
and flip the script,
she need to
cut the sh-- out with me
because I'm over it.
No, she was more
Michael Jackson with it--
the one arm.
She had the one hand
glove on.
Did I say it, or did I--
I'm like, girl,
where is your other damn glove?
Girl, this food is good, chile.
They got curry in it.
So, I had to do somethin'
in my fulfillment center,
and Kenya stopped by.
We, of course, had to talk
about the Martell stuff,
and, you know, she felt like
I was taking up for him.
No, I'm taking up
for what's right.
- Yeah.
- Like, he felt ambushed.
I think it's important
that my friends respect Martell.
This man is kind.
He's funny, none of
the arrogance or cockiness
that I see on his show
at all
because I wouldn't be
attracted to that person.
So, we agreed to disagree.
I will say, sis,
at first, I was not
so excited about Martell.
I wasn't-- But it's like,
he's showing up.
He's doing everything
people thought he wouldn't do.
He picked me up
from the airport last night.
I had a car service.
Girl, that's when it is
good, good, good.
Good, good.
Ask, uh, Martell
to hook me up with someone.
I gotta start dating.
How you doin'?
Have y'all ever been here
before?
- No.
- So, day passes?
- Yes.
- Awesome.
Are these
gym shoes okay?
'Cause these are so cute.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Like, this is a date.
- Appreciate the outfit.
- I love it.
But rentals might do you
a little bit better
on the wall.
- Rent, okay.
- I don't want you to fall.
- No, I'm trying to be safe.
I'm definitely
trying to be safe.
Like, that would be
a bad look.
Yeah, baby.
The last year,
things got a little rocky
between Ralph and I,
and we started seeing Dr. Ken
for marriage counseling.
This is, like,
a dating opportunity.
I am committing
to your process.
Even though Ralph and I
have gotten to a great place,
we wanna keep it
that way,
and since we love
a good challenge,
what better date than to do
something we both love
and add a little
competition in it?
Okay, this is a good one
to start off on, okay?
You're gonna clip into
that blue loop.
So, this is
the easiest here.
- Yes, yeah.
- Okay.
Ready, one,
two, three, go. Go.
- Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
- Okay, don't fall.
Come on, baby.
You got this.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God-- No, my nail.
Ahh! Oh, my God.
- Kick your legs out.
Kick your legs so you don't
run into the wall.
Jesus, Drew!
That was so hard.
Nobody prepared me
for how hard--
Yeah, let's switch it.
- Let's go.
- Right foot, go.
Yeah.
Look at me.
You're going
faster than me.
Oh! Ahh.
Ahh! Yes!
You made it to the top.
Now, how do I go down,
so I don't hurt myself?
Just jump.
Oh! Whoa, whoa.
Jesus.
Oh, my God, Drew!
Drew, you're supposed
to stay straight.
Oh, oh, my God.
It was definitely fun.
This was amazing.
I gotta bring the kids back.
Jo-Jo, he could definitely
be doing this.
Yeah.
Now that I'm adding
music on my plate,
how do you feel about me going
from being with the kids 100%,
being a true housewife,
back to my career?
That was always the plan
from the beginning.
It'll be like
Ike and Tina.
No, no, no, not crazy Ike,
like regular.
Why would you say--
last time I checked,
Ike was on Tina.
Ralph definitely hit his head
on one of those rocks
coming down because
I thought we were
Beyonce and Jay Z,
but he's saying Ike and Tina.
I'm not eating the cake,
Anna Mae.
So, I checked
the numbers.
The song is at 30,000
streams, right now.
Yeah, it's bad.
That's bad?
No, it's not.
I thought that was
pretty good.
It's excellent
for how we did it,
but there really wasn't
no marketing
and a strategy behind it,
you know.
But that-- and so,
I'm glad you brought that up
because I feel like
you put the song out,
and then you just kinda
went back to work.
We need to, like,
push the song.
I want it to be a hit.
I already see it.
I wanna take it as far
as it can go.
I mean, look, my hands
is in a lot of places.
I've taken the record
to a certain point.
We worked great
as a team.
That was amazing.
- Was-was amazing.
And so, I also need
to focus on the things
I need to go and do.
Music has been
really a testament
to how we fell in love.
♪ Lord give me you
Working on music together
has kinda brought us back to
the genesis of our relationship,
but now Ralph is
kind of pulling his self
out of this journey that
we were on together,
and I don't really know
where it's coming from.
I hope it doesn't put
a wedge between us.
It's kinda sad,
but I didn't see it coming.
Now, people are watching to see,
okay, is it gonna fail?
Is it gonna succeed?
You know, I wanna be performing
at Bravo Con next year.
I wanna be on the stage.
Like, Bravo Con
was so lit.
Somebody came up to me,
and they was like,
"Ralph, gaslight me.
Gaslight me."
Ralph, gaslight me!
Coming up...
My blood nephew is dead,
and you're talking about acting.
- Feel-- but feel--
but if-- but feel--
- No, you're acting, though.
you!
My nephew is dead, bitch!
Did you upload
the right file?
What is the issue?
No, he should
have resized it.
Call him, please.
It's always a hassle.
It's still not
the right size.
Oh, come on.
I just put it at
the same size the agent sent.
No, no, no.
I needed you to size it
in the exact dimensions
that she sent you,
and I need it
in three minutes, please.
I know I'm a boss,
but when it comes to
these people that work for me,
I feel like I often
am a mentor.
I don't understand.
Why didn't you do it
the first time?
I have a lot of patience,
and I have a soft spot
for young people.
And it's also
low----ing resolution.
I just do.
Hey, girl.
- Hi.
I'm in my brand color
because I just had
a meeting with my team.
So, I'm gonna miss you
because I know
you're going to--
Oh.
I'm doing
this surprise performance
focused on HBCUs.
I would love for you
to choreograph it for me.
The Magic City Classic
is a huge
annual football game.
They have asked me
to perform.
So, I had this brilliant idea
to do a collaboration
with their band
for Kenya Moore Haircare.
And since Monyetta is
a very good choreographer,
I need her to bring
Keyonce up to speed
and be in full effect, honey.
We want hair.
We want movement.
Girl, we want all of that.
Oh, my God,
I'm so excited. Yes!
Oh, what's up, DonJuan?
Wow, this outfit.
My husband is
back in town,
so we're going to the game.
- This what the social media
content--
You're gonna sit
courtside with that?
You want them to win,
don't you?
Anyway...
Come on, let's go
to the office
'cause I really wanna
list out
the stuff that we need
to be getting prepared for,
and I just feel like
we just be
running by the seat of
our pants sometimes.
Well, so, we
map out the musts.
Let's do that.
- All right.
We know, every week,
you already have to go
live for Amazon.
- Podcast.
- Return of Kandi Coated
Nights podcast.
- The Soul Train awards.
- Soul Train awards.
Ebony Power 100.
- Our Kandi Cares events.
- Blaze's birthday.
- Celebrity Game Face.
- Oh, Porsha's wedding
is that week.
Oh, don't y'all
have a restaurant
that you're building?
This must list is
getting pretty long.
That's my point.
Then I'm trying
to do this movie
with Todd.
- With Todd.
Todd and I discussed
I'm not gonna be the lead
in his movie.
- Okay.
Todd's movie, "The Pass,"
is something that
he's been wanting to do
for some years now.
I wanna participate as
an executive producer,
and I don't want
to be the lead
because people feel like,
oh, yeah, they're just gonna
produce it so she
can be the lead.
I will say this.
If you're saying you're
going to be a part,
then having just as much
of an active role
as you push him to have on
the projects that you want,
is gonna be very important.
No, I-I feel
what you're sayin'.
I'm-I'm--
- Knock-knock-knock.
- Hey, how are you?
Hey, Miss Broadway.
Ooh, yes.
- Look at you.
How you doin'?
- You look lovely.
Listen, right here,
for you.
Our red carpet at
"The Piano Lesson" was lit.
When I tell you, it was
a dream come true,
dream come true.
I was devastated when "Thoughts
of a Colored Man" closed,
but I knew that
I wanted to produce
another Broadway show.
And so, now
Todd and I both are producers
on "The Piano Lesson."
Todd has a background
in film and television,
so he's helping me to make
my way to the EGOT.
I'm so happy
for you, Kandi.
You deserve
all of this and some.
Thank you.
The Bravo Con, like,
how did everything go?
Okay, I gotta
hear everything.
Bravo Con, I thought
that it was a weekend
of, like, celebrating.
- Yeah.
But it seemed like
every time we got on stage,
the bullsh-- happened.
- Something happened.
- The bullsh--.
- Yeah.
So, my mom and I were on
the Dynamic Duos panel.
Okay.
Kandi, who would you trust
more to control your money,
Mama Joyce or DonJuan?
I don't think my mom would be
very nice to my husband,
so I'd have
to say DonJuan.
So, the next day,
Mama Joyce and them
have to do their own panel,
and they ask her
what type of man
she would want
for her daughter.
I-I probably would've
picked anyone
that have a decent job.
What?
He has a job.
Oh.
- So, I left.
I have not
called her since.
Oh, how was Todd?
What did bother him
was that
Kaela was the one
who told him
about what my mama said.
Man...
Yeah, Riley called me
about that, too.
Have you ever said,
"Mom, this is how
it makes me feel
when you say those things?"
Chile.
You should just tell her
how you feel, for sure.
It's upsetting that
she doesn't understand
that one day
Ace may see it.
Blaze may see it.
They're gonna feel a way.
It's like come on, mama.
Don't come with
that bullsh-- with me.
I'm tired of it.
I do not care
what you think
about my husband,
at this point.
Simple as that.
I just need her to
respect my marriage.
Please.
This is too much.
Coming up next...
Yes, I'm so proud.
Are you serious?
Okay, so, cousin Courtney
is coming over.
Are you excited?
- Of course.
I talked to her earlier.
We got the wine.
You know what I'm saying?
She told me she loves
white wine.
Uh-huh.
This is
savo-savon blanc.
- Sauvignon blanc.
- Sauvignon blanc--
I knew that. I knew that.
I knew that.
Good job, baby.
Oh, my God, I just have
to make a good impression
on cousin Courtney.
You know, it's family.
And Ralph has been
talking to her a lot
after they met
at Ross's party.
Sheree, this is my cousin.
- Shut up.
- Yeah, we just found out
this, right now.
- It's so-- no.
I wanna make sure
everything goes well,
want Ralph bringing her
into the family fold.
Hi, my baby!
You look so pretty.
Did you do a twirl for daddy?
- Hello!
- What is up?
You look so pretty.
Girl, we're about to have
a little family dinner.
Candiace, what's good?
How you doin'?
Candiace and Chris
we met in 2019.
Both have a passion
in music and acting,
and we actually spent
our seventh wedding anniversary
with Chris and Candiace.
So, she has really
become someone I consider
a true friend.
So, I'm actually
in your city, Drew.
Girl, what you doing?
- Yes, I'm so proud.
- Yes.
♪ I sing
♪ because I'm happy
Ooh.
Are you serious?
Wait, wait, wait.
Did I just hear her say
you're gonna-gonna
sing a song?
- Hold on. I'm taking it in.
- You just got invited?
My heart is beating so fast.
I just got so hot, right now.
It's massive pressure.
Like, I haven't been
in no rehearsals.
I haven't even sang in a mic
in God knows how long.
Most importantly,
I wanna show up for Candiace
and really make her proud
because she believes
in me so much,
and this is
my big comeback moment.
Okay.
I'll send a text
to everybody, too,
to let them know,
but it's gonna be lit, girl.
Everybody gonna be
in the building.
I need to do my
vocal exercises.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, bye, babe.
Ahh! Oh, my God!
This is the moment,
right here.
- Hey!
- Hi!
- What's going on?
- What's up?
- You look so good.
- So nice to meet you.
How are you?
- I am so good.
Good to see you.
This is Bryce.
Bryce-- Drew.
- Oh, my God.
What?
Hey, cousin.
- Hey, cousin! What's good?
- Oh, my God.
- You know him?
- Shut up.
- We did a movie together.
- How many years ago?
- Yeah, maybe ten.
- Y'all are dating?
Shut your mouth,
right now.
- Yes, my 24-year-old.
- Girl!
Wait a minute.
You got a 24-year-old?
I do.
I didn't tell you that?
No.
When Bryce and I met,
he was one of the hottest
Black men in America.
He was in the R group
Groove Theory.
Bryce and I dated on
and off for 20 years,
but now we are
strictly co-parents
and amazing friends.
- Welcome to our home.
- It's beautiful. Absolute--
- Thank you.
- Yeah, this is-- this is--
we call this
Pittman Palace here.
First, we meet
cousin Courtney,
and then we found out
that her baby's daddy
is my long lost co-star,
Bryce Wilson.
So, it is definitely
a divine connection,
at this point.
I got you white wine, 'cause--
- Thank you!
Wait, we gotta start
with a shot first
just to get the night going,
and then we can transition.
- See? You gotta watch Ralph.
- Okay, all right.
- We're gonna do tequila shots.
- All right.
'Cause I just got
this freaking amazing cll
from my friend, Candiace.
- Okay.
She has an album out.
She is touring the City Winery.
- Nice.
- And she invited me
to come on stage with her
to perform with her.
Whoo!
And I'm like we need
another shot for that.
Okay.
Let's take a shot, real quick.
Hey, to family, baby.
- Family, whoo!
- To family, I love it.
- That's good.
- Damn, family.
This is so wild, guys.
Okay, let me
take you over here.
Hold on. Let me
FaceTime Kandi, real quick.
I'm about to
headbutt this bitch!
To invite her to
our performance.
Mm-hmm. All right.
I'm gonna go talk to the boys
while you do that.
I wanna make sure--
yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
- Hi, girl.
- Hello, curls.
Hi. I'm good.
How are you?
Okay, first, we're
celebrating family.
Say hi, Courtney.
Hey!
Courtney is
actually Ralph's cousin.
What? I don't ever
wanna be messy.
I'm not trying to
bringing drama with Drew.
I am very taken aback
from Kandi's reaction
towards cousin Courtney,
'cause I'm like,
what did I miss?
This had to be a really big deal
to have this energy still.
So, I don't wanna be
in the middle.
Girl, you know
I don't like this lady.
Like, why are you on
my phone with this?
I wasn't there,
and I don't know
what actually happened.
So, Candiace, she asked me
to perform with her on stage.
Kandi,
this is divine.
Okay.
Bye.
Drew, we got
so much to tell you.
- Girl, apparently.
- You have missed it.
I know what Ralph told me
about y'all having
a little situation,
but I'm like--
Yeah, it was-- it was
a little situation,
but I'm over it.
Like, I haven't
thought about it since.
Nothing is going on.
I promise you.
What?
Okay, let's sit down.
So, can you come on Monday
for the performance?
Yeah, of course,
but not if it's going
to make anyone else
feel insecure.
- No, no, no.
- Honestly, Drew, that night,
so we're having
a conversation,
and Sanya is right there,
and I'm like,
"Even you said at Sheree's house
that I should confront her."
She's like,
"I didn't say that."
I'm gonna say this.
Sanya can be a little tricky.
- Learning.
- Yeah,
learn it through and through
because this girl and I
were building a really
genuine friendship.
- Yeah.
- And all of a sudden,
out of nowhere,
she confronted me
with all of these issues
she had in front of the group.
Oh.
Things with Sanya and I were
moving in a better direction,
and then, all of a sudden,
outta nowhere,
I noticed she unfollowed me,
and I'm like,
well, wait a minute.
That is a big deal.
When you unfollow somebody,
that is making
a major statement.
She'll say
she's my friend,
and then when the rest
of the group gets together,
it changes.
- Interesting.
What, Bryce?
You know how
us women are, right?
Right.
We're gonna do a toast
to this thing, right here.
- To family, friendships.
- To family, to the journey.
Cheers.
Yo, y'all wanna do
some more shots?
Coming up...
You don't talk
behind people back.
Listen, and you say,
"Marlo, long as you're
respectful to me,
"that's all that matters."
- And you were not.
Don't text
and drive, auntie.
Yeah, you're right.
I shouldn't text and drive.
All right, Michael.
Text, um, Mr. Anthony.
Tell him I just want
all three pair of shoes,
and I'm gonna pick up
my Cartier love bracelet,
but I'm not going there
'cause it's pouring
down raining.
- I love the mall.
- I know you love the mall.
Not me.
William, you--
Oh! You better have
straight As.
I had straight As.
Now, I have As and Bs.
Ooh, wait a minute.
Now, straight As
get $1,000 shoes.
Can we lift it back up?
Pick it up.
Now that Michael and William
are here to stay,
I gotta make sure
these boys together,
especially when
it comes to grades.
I'm really protective over them
because this world is so cruel.
A few years ago, I lost
my older nephew, Quentin,
due to gun violence.
That's why I'm so hard on
the boys about school,
manners, knowing how
to handle yourself
because I just
want them to be safe.
Lord knows I do.
Is Miss Sharon
still coming Saturday?
Oh, yeah, she's coming.
Do you like the life coach?
Mm-hmm.
Have you seen
a difference in me?
Yes.
I could see
you're trying.
You are the best.
Let me let the trunk open.
There you go.
I know it's wet.
Thank you, baby.
- Love you.
- I'll see you when I get back.
- We'll talk soon.
All right. Bye.
I think you
should let me drive.
Yeah, right. Okay.
♪ I know you like
what it's giving ♪
♪ daddy
♪ Industry telling me
that I'm not living right ♪
Whoo, baby.
- All right.
- I can do this, honey.
Of course.
♪ You're working on
my mind and my body ♪
♪ I'm dripping all
this finest chocolate ♪
♪ Oh
♪ I got everything
right here ♪
♪ Is it enough for you
Oh, my goodness,
look at my girl.
- Hi, baby.
- How are you?
I am nervous,
I am here.
I love the song, Candiace.
- Did you-- yes.
- I-I was almost in tears.
Candiace's song
resonated with me
because it's about
believing in yourself,
and that's just exactly
where I am.
People haven't always been
the most supportive of my music
because they only
see me as an actress,
but nothing is going to stop me
from achieving my dreams.
Okay, so, Candiace
will introduce Drew.
- Mm-hmm.
- She'll bring Drew
out on stage.
How are you feeling?
- Nervous as hell.
- Oh my god, whatever!
It's muscle memory,
it's muscle memory though.
You ready.
We're getting there.
♪ From the way
that we walk ♪
♪ to the way
that we talk ♪
♪ How we pull up
the swerve ♪
♪ To the smoke
that we cough ♪
♪ VIP full of vodka
♪ OG
I guess I'll sit here.
Hi. Hi, sweetheart.
- What's up?
- How you doin'?
- You look gorgeous.
- Thank you. Muah.
- Hi. Oh, you look so pretty.
- Thank you.
- This is so cute.
- Girl, thank you.
- Hi.
- Hello, hello.
- Nice to see you.
- Nice to see you too.
It is really frustrating
trying to build
a friendship with Drew,
but I really wanna move on
and start over,
so I genuinely
wanna be here tonight,
and I'm hoping that
there will be good energy
and good vibes.
All right, concert vibes.
Thank you so much, Atlanta.
I feel Kandi still
hasn't forgiven me
since the reunion,
and I'm okay with that
because I know, with Kandi,
it takes times.
I mean, if I was a man,
it probably wouldn't take
as much time,
or if I was a chicken wing,
it wouldn't
take as much time, either.
I'm gonna run to the restroom,
real quick.
Okay.
So, wait a minute.
Where-- so, where are we at
with Marlo?
Ain't nobody
speaking to Marlo?
I know you--
- I did this kinda smile.
I'm just keeping
my distance, chile.
What was--
what was the issue?
- When we were in Jamaica--
- She tried to play me.
Monyetta came,
with Kandi's permission, okay.
It's nice out here.
I can't talk sh-- about somebody
and then smile in their face.
Like, I'm not
a fake bitch like that.
- Okay, understood.
- Hey!
Hey, I'm gonna claim you.
I'm trying to figure out
who claimed you.
I'm gonna claim you.
- Yes.
How are you?
Hi, ladies.
- Hello. How are you?
- I'm good.
Courtney and I don't need to
talk about anything.
I'm not looking
for new friends.
She can keep it pushin'.
I'm so glad
when I saw you.
I'm like, where the hell
is Sheree and Courtney?
Oh, my God, yes.
Where is Sheree? Yes.
So, wait.
What's the verdict on Sheree?
- Yeah, she's not feeling well.
- Oh.
I'm sorry to miss
an opportunity to see our girl
flop it like Drew,
but I'm under the weather.
- What's up, Ralph?
- How you doin'?
Are you ready for D-Drew
to do her thing?
Of course.
Let's kill it.
Let's do it.
Amen.
Now, welcome to the stage, Candiace.
♪ This ain't cheap yeah
I'm a princess ♪
♪ but I keep 'em
on their feet yeah ♪
♪ got your man wishin'
he was here with me yeah ♪
♪ I got my own money
I don't need no help ♪
♪ pushing my own whip
- Her little body, right?
- Right.
ATL, I wanna bring out
a special guest.
It has been so long
since I've been on stage
because I have been focusing on
being a mother of three,
but now it is time
to make music my career,
and if I can do this tonight,
I am on my way to my dreams.
Miss Drew Sidora.
Coming up next...
You are really triggered.
You were talking about
I bring the hood out,
but you are the ghetto one!
ATL, I wanna bring out
a special guest.
Miss Drew Sidora.
Don't she look good?
This is my sis.
Yes.
Can I get a little snap
from y'all?
♪ I'm gonna love me
Yes!
♪ I'm gonna love me yeah
♪ I'm gonna love me
all the way ♪
♪ yeah
I'm gonna be right here ♪
♪ I'm gonna love me
all the way ♪
♪ no matter what they may say
♪ I'm gonna be right here
♪ I'm gonna love me
all the way ♪
- Hey.
- Yes.
Give it up for
Drew Sidora.
More! More!
Thank you, love.
This moment
is giving me life.
Like, I could sing all night.
I am ready for a tour.
Sign me up.
What's going on here?
This is not a performance.
I would have not invited
all these people here
to come see me
and that be the only thing
I'm doing.
I wanted more than
a whoo, whoo, whoo.
Whoo, whoo.
I'm not quite sure
what that was,
but what I do know is,
I ran longer to clinch
my 400-meter gold medal
than Drew
was just on stage.
Yes.
Give it up for
Miss Drew Sidora, y'all.
Kandi, Kandi, she's gonna
sing some more...
What's next?
No.
♪ I'm not used to
dealing with a bitch ♪
I'm coming down
from a high, baby.
Let's go.
I wanted to give you
your flowers.
- You are so sweet.
- You're so amazing, baby.
But how did it feel?
- It felt so good.
I feel like I can do it.
Now, you can have
your own moment.
I'm ready.
I'm just happy to just be able
to support it and see it.
You know what I'm saying?
- Yo, I know, right?
Like, this is different.
- That's it.
It means everything to me
to have Ralph's support.
And after today,
I'm ready.
Kandi is not gonna be
the only one
with a Grammy much longer.
All right, let's go.
- Drew Sidora is back, baby.
Let's go.
What's up?
You did so good!
- Did I?
- Yes, you did.
Girl, I was so nervous.
You did--
you sang so good, baby.
Thank you for coming.
Girl, I needed you
to perform your song.
♪ I think you're insecure
Thank you so much
for coming out.
Thank you.
We love y'all.
Give her her roses.
We'll be back here
in the room.
Hi.
- This whole space is ours?
- This is us, honey.
- Yes.
- Turn up. Turn up.
Oh, my God, it's over.
Thank you, God.
I thought you was
coming out naked.
Not naked, honey.
So, explain why you just had,
like, a small
whoo, whoo, whoo moment.
'Cause it's her set,
so it was like
I came to support my friend.
We're proud of you, Drew.
We wanna see more,
for sure.
Sanya was giving you
a-a standing ovation.
Shut up.
I thought
the performance was incredible.
I thought you did
a great job.
Like the rest of them,
I thought she was gonna
sing a little longer.
But, Drew,
I just need to understand this,
what happened on the stage
at Bravo Con
because I genuinely thought
we were trying to move forward.
You had sent me a text.
You wanted me to come to
your mom's birthday.
You wanted to extend
an olive branch,
and then I feel like
you get into, like,
Drew the actress mode,
and you just have to, like,
turn up in that moment
and, like,
make it an issue, again.
- I will say this.
I thought we were on a path
of moving forward.
I guess
when I dropped the merch,
which I thought was funny,
you unfollowed me.
It really wasn't
any smoke.
That was because of
the hair flip.
No, baby,
it was the hair flip.
Drew, do not do that.
She's flipping her hair
in my face, Andy.
I don't wanna go down
my timeline
and see stuff that
I feel is disrespectful.
I honestly didn't see the merch
until way after.
Somebody sent it to me.
We're gonna stop
the flip flopping
'cause I don't flip flop.
But I will say this
because I don't want to
go back into the past.
Like, I really, really don't.
- Right. Yeah, me either.
You coming here
was an olive branch.
- Yeah.
- That means so much.
Squash that beef!
Did we squash it?
Maybe we can do, like,
a lunch or something,
and we're gonna get this train
back on the track.
Get this train
I'm gonna stand up for that.
This is classy.
We gotta keep it classy.
I love that.
One-on-one.
Drew and Sanya,
they have, like,
this love-hate relationship,
but, hopefully,
they can mend their differences.
It's really draining
watching those two.
Y'all take that mess
and go somewhere with it
and never come back
with it, okay?
I'm glad this is
a place of healing.
Yes.
Talk your
problems through.
So, everybody is good.
What did I miss?
What's been going on?
Well, you know,
I heard that Courtney,
apparently, you had some things
to say about me to Sanya.
You said that she went to
some event,
and she brought the ghetto out
or the hood out.
The crowd, ghetto.
Courtney said it was
an exclusive spot,
and you posted it,
and you brought
the ratchet people,
and you brought the hood out.
- Yeah.
- What?
First off,
I was born in the hood.
So, then why would
you say that then?
That's not what I said.
I said ghetto people
started to come,
which was true,
and I also doubled down
that I like ghetto,
and I love it.
My family is hood.
I can show you.
Can I just say
something?
It just comes across aggressive.
Well, I'm just saying
I said it.
It's just like, it's just
lighting a match again.
That's what I feel like,
the way that you're rah-rahing.
First of all,
let's be clear.
If people started to come,
whoever's event it was
should have been glad--
- Oh, really?
To have people
that support them.
I have a long range
of friends,
long range.
- And, uh, great. Great.
That's not the point.
- You should never say things
that look down on the places
where you come from.
- You are really triggered.
- That--
You are
really triggered.
The thing that triggers me
is that you don't know me,
and that you're saying--
- I-- and I definite--
- "Oh, she bring the hood out."
- and I promise
I'm okay not knowing you!
- Bottom line,
I bring everybody out!
You're saying,
"Oh, she bring the hood out."
I promise I'm okay
not knowing you!
Bottom line,
I bring everybody out!
- Great!
- Not "I bring the hood out."
Well, you are the ghetto.
- Really?
You just told us.
Yeah, I don't think the hood
or the ghetto
appreciate
what you had to say.
- Bro, bro, bro.
- What's up?
Do you have, like,
an area on the bus
that y'all can go
and, like, get it in
or somethin' like that?
Like, you pull
a curtain back?
You gotta
bless the bus,
the 1,000-mile.
- The 1,000-mile club.
It's kinda tough
with ten mother----ers
on the bus.
I'll be honest.
So, wait.
In the spirit
of talking out stuff, Monyetta,
I had asked you at the table--
- Yes.
What was the issue you had
with Marlo, right?
- Yes.
- And you said that
you felt like last year
she was trying to play you.
She definitely
tried to play me.
"Oh, I guess Kandi
let her come talk."
And I was really trying
to see what was going on.
When did I say that?
- You said that in Jamaica.
- Thank you.
You don't talk
behind people's back.
Listen, you said
I have nothing to do
with you
and Kandi's issues.
- I don't have anything.
- I like you, and I love--
- I speak for myself.
- My sister, Kandi.
- Exactly. Thank you.
- You definitely--
- Let's be clear--
- And you said--
- I have no problem with that.
- "Marlo, long as you're
respectful to me,
that's all that matters."
Exactly, and you were not.
It's about kindness.
So, is hat all you had
to say to me, beautiful?
- Girl, bye.
- Oh!
Okay, um, Kandi,
what's going on with Blaze,
because we were at Blaze
two days before...
Before what happened?
Um, there was,
like, an incident.
- What incident?
- It was, like,
all over the news.
- They're fine.
You're talking about
the shooting
that happened at Blaze?
It was
a private matter.
Okay, I'm ready
to go home, you guys.
- No.
- 'Cause, as I say,
Kandi Burruss never can
talk about what she wants.
- Oh, really? Okay, well--
- So, I'll stop talking myself.
Let's talk about when you
cut the girl in the face then.
Okay, let's talk about that.
Sh-- was over 23 years ago.
Everyone loves to bring up
things with my past,
my mugshots, allegedly
me dating old White men,
my mom, the boys,
but when it comes to Kandi,
they get that broom,
the little Swiffer,
and they just sweep it
right up
underneath the rug.
I gave you a lot of attention,
uh, enough.
This is a night of music,
a night of love.
Drew, you were
amazing tonight!
- Let's go downstairs.
- Oh, my god, good job, girl!
- Hey, who's that?
- Hey, girl empowerment!
This has been
a night, honey.
Love y'all.
I reached out to Kandi.
I was there two days
before the shooting.
So, I was
concerned, truly,
because I had
30 of my family--
But why didn't you say,
"shooting," though?
- Time out. I was there.
- No. Time in.
Why didn't you say,
"shooting?"
- Everybody knows.
- 'Cause Sanya didn't know.
- It was on the news.
- We are a family.
It was on the news.
I'm gonna ask you
a question, though.
I need you
to understand this.
I'll let you talk.
I don't need
to say somethin',
if you're gonna say it.
- Courtney, you're here
to witness this.
- I'm not you, bitch.
- She's talking. I'm quie.
- I am an individual.
And Drew and, uh, Ralph,
you listen, too.
Listen while I'm quiet.
Now, talk.
Somebody
getting shot at--
no disrespect
to any of your family--
I've had--
I've lost a lot of family.
I am from Chicago.
And you, out of all people,
if you experienced it,
why would I make
a moment about that?
Drew is trying to act like
she lost people to gun violence,
and she can't say
the word, "shooting."
Um, there was,
like, an incident.
It was, like, all over the news.
- What incident?
But I lost someone who was
close to me, as well,
and it's triggering
for me.
The silence isn't real?
So, I'm gonna get my roses
and I'm gonna--
I said what I needed to say.
Okay, so now can you
respect me enough to
see what I have to say?
- What do you possibly
have to say?
When Drew brought up
the shooting,
I just thought of Quentin
in his chef outfit,
lookin' so proud,
because two years ago,
when I text Kandi
to tell her
that my nephew,
who worked for you,
he got shot at home
by his roommate,
I just felt she didn't care.
Then when I see her
the next day,
she pretended like
she had no idea
what I was talking about.
When we left, um,
the other night
- Uh-huh.
- From [indistinct] party--
- Mm-hmm.
- My phone was
blowing up, Kandi.
- For what?
Like, my sister.
She's like, "Call me.
They just killed my baby,
your nephew."
I'm like-- my nephew was 30,
and he lived here in Atlanta,
and just him and a guy,
a roommate,
got into it,
and he murdered him.
- Damn.
- Isn't that sad?
Nobody can make Kandi
talk about anything
she don't want to, chile,
and people allowed her
to get away with it.
But guess what.
I'm calling you out.
Because--
We're not doing that.
- My nephew is dead.
- I'm not acting, but I--
- My blood nephew is dead.
- And I said to you
when I left-- feel--
- My blood nephew is dead,
- But feel-- but if--
- And you're talking
- But feel--
- About acting.
No, you're acting, though.
- But feel my--
you!
My nephew is dead, bitch!
Girl-- you know what?
I'm telling you my nephew
is dead, are you serious!?!
you bitch!
Know when to cut off the acting.
This bitch is acting.
Next time, on
"The Real Housewives
of Atlanta"...
Ooh, Lord.
What?
You been trying?
Trying for what?
Ross, he's ready for us
to just be us, again.
Good for y'all.
I will be performing
in the halftime show
at the Magic City Classic
Football Game.
Do I wanna bring these
heifers down there?
We are going to
a dance class.
And then we'll get ready to go
to the little Charity function.
We're going to
a nice charity event.
We're not going
to a strip club.
Wherever you wanna sit.
Wow. We can't stay.
We gotta go.
It just feels like
something is happening,
and we're being left out.
Summer is over, bitch.
Winter is coming.
Summer!
Who the
is banging
on my goddamn door?
- Summer!
What the
is wrong with you?
- Summer! Summer!
- My child is here!